Let's take you to me dot com as an X example every wisit this page here you'd have been dot com and
I'm forwarded to slash courses.
This is essentially a multi-page application because if I for example now search for Cingular here and
hit enter you see the page refreshes.
And we did load a new page.
You could see that by the spinning refresh icon up there.
So this now is the new page.
We got back and if I were to click on browse development web development watchlist I can again we again
we loaded a new page and we can confirm this by opening up the developer tools in our browser going
to the network tap.
And now if we click on browse development or mobile apps for example you will see we sent a couple of
requests and we basically got back a new web page with a lot of assets in it.
Now if I were to search for English again and hit enter again we download a brand new page and this
is what happens all the time if we switch page this year.
So that is the page we downloaded for example that's th HTML code we got back.
That's a different page than the one we were at before.
Now this is a normal web app.
How do I know that it uses some framework because that's the point I'm trying to make that we can use
a framework like view for example in such a multi-page application.
Well obviously all these pages have some elements which are controlled by Javascript.
So for example here on the search page where I searched for Cingular I can set a filter like the level
I want to set to begin.
Now if I click this it will update the page without reloading it.
You can tell by that I can hear if I uncheck that you see it updates it but we don't get back on you
page that's done by javascript because javascript is the only thing which can and at our page at runtime
we can confirm that they use a framework for this by again going back to the network tab and reloading
this page.
Now isn't it a reload or that I download all the assets again.
For that you might want to disable caching here so that you force the browser to read download all assets.
Why did I want to read download everything.
Because if we scroll up here in the Network tab we see something interesting relatively at the top here.
This entry Wender file.
You see it's a javascript file and it has this strange file name but that is just how de well-named
during their build workflow.
If we clicked this or by the way always implies that it is some framework some library not code written
by them.
If you click this we see something interesting in this file.
Right at the top we see a license agreement angular 1.5 so angular one basically.
Well that means they are using angular as a framework on this page and it makes sense because updating
this list of results and all the things you can do on this page which are driven by javascript would
be very cumbersome to be written by hand with vanilla javascript.
But here again this angular app is only part of this search page.
If I switch to here to finance courses for example I don't have to filter here.
Maybe we have some angular appere maybe we have some shared functionalities to the previous one but
we have a new angle app on this page.
We have a different file here or a different code which will run in the end and that is what I mean
we have an alert being added to our multi-page application with each new page I get here.
I read download dangler code or my browser might cashiered for performance but generally it is served
by each new page and therefore this is not a single page application.
What is a single page application done.
Well if I switch to my courses and you probably also have at least one course the when you are viewing
right now.
There you can see here are a couple of courses I'm enrolled in do.
Now if I take one of these courses maybe the ruby course here and I click on it.
Now we will basically enter a different type of app.
Let's see which app in the next lecture.